tanium/tanium/README.md, before:

# Tanium

contains functions, workflows, rules for querying the Tanium.

Functions:
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conns 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_get_processes 
* tanium_online_check 
* tanium_sweep_for_hash
* tanium_agent_search

Rules:
* tanium_baseline_data 
* tanium_check_if_online 
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conn 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_get_processes 
* tanium_sweep_for_hash

Workflows:
* tanium_check_if_endpoint_is_online 
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_baseline_data 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conns 
* tanium_get_list_of_running_processes 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_sweep_for_md5_hash

==

This code was generated by

`resilient-circuits codegen -f tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conns tanium_get_open_ports tanium_get_processes tanium_online_check tanium_agent_search tanium_sweep_for_hash -m tanium_integration --workflow tanium_check_if_endpoint_is_online tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_baseline_data tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conns tanium_get_list_of_running_processes tanium_get_open_ports tanium_sweep_for_md5_hash --rule tanium_baseline_data tanium_check_if_online tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conn tanium_get_open_ports tanium_get_processes tanium_sweep_for_hash --package tanium`


To install in "development mode"

`pip install -e ./tanium/`

After installation, the package will be loaded by `resilient-circuits run`.


To uninstall,

`pip uninstall tanium`


To package for distribution,

`python ./tanium/setup.py sdist`

The resulting .tar.gz file can be installed using

`pip install <filename>.tar.gz`

Import customization
`resilient-circuits customize -y`

You have to edit the Workflow's pre-process scripts, so there are correct credentials, server address and path to the pytan library.

Commit message:

configuration moved to app.config
Configuration moved to app.config so the users don't have to edit so many pre-process scripts

tanium/tanium/README.md, after:

# Tanium

contains functions, workflows, rules for querying the Tanium.

Functions:
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conns 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_get_processes 
* tanium_online_check 
* tanium_sweep_for_hash
* tanium_agent_search

Rules:
* tanium_baseline_data 
* tanium_check_if_online 
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conn 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_get_processes 
* tanium_sweep_for_hash

Workflows:
* tanium_check_if_endpoint_is_online 
* tanium_get_asset_info 
* tanium_get_autoruns 
* tanium_get_baseline_data 
* tanium_get_installed_apps 
* tanium_get_ip_conns 
* tanium_get_list_of_running_processes 
* tanium_get_open_ports 
* tanium_sweep_for_md5_hash

==

This code was generated by

`resilient-circuits codegen -f tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conns tanium_get_open_ports tanium_get_processes tanium_online_check tanium_agent_search tanium_sweep_for_hash -m tanium_integration --workflow tanium_check_if_endpoint_is_online tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_baseline_data tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conns tanium_get_list_of_running_processes tanium_get_open_ports tanium_sweep_for_md5_hash --rule tanium_baseline_data tanium_check_if_online tanium_get_asset_info tanium_get_autoruns tanium_get_installed_apps tanium_get_ip_conn tanium_get_open_ports tanium_get_processes tanium_sweep_for_hash --package tanium`


To install in "development mode"

`pip install -e ./tanium/`

After installation, the package will be loaded by `resilient-circuits run`.


To uninstall,

`pip uninstall tanium`


To package for distribution,

`python ./tanium/setup.py sdist`

The resulting .tar.gz file can be installed using

`pip install <filename>.tar.gz`

Update your app.config so it contains the [tanium] section
`resilient-circuits config -u`

and edit the config file

Import customization
`resilient-circuits customize -y`
